will you be next year irish
quiet cary grant new fifties or
adventurers of the future these are the four
styles that couturiers offer us to
we men for the next winter
the ready-to-wear professionals
have just presented them at the show
European fashion men who comes
to open in paris and hélène risacher y
was making them his market at the
looking for the ideal man for the year
next here is the 1985-86 man at the jump
of the bed there is always a problem its
origin his allocation he needed three
intermediate products and that's where
above that we got into a fight so we
created pajamas of departure city and
other pockets of europe singing franck
and if tomorrow I found the 0 mg button
to houses in Wales
normally I have few pants and
then it's the only towel after
wine that does not fall and about
towels
what do you think of this tie
we
in fact the fashion 85 it's a hit
dazzling to catch the girls the
crisis
but what a crisis of course these gentlemen
buy less and less clothes
except sex trousers
obliges but when they buy they
take all the clean unplug them
penneteau touching
mike bryan lawyer you said plugged in
behind these screens is hiding one of the
greatest french couturiers
a claw that arouses greed
and attracts the petrodollar champions
the men of saudi arabia
they come here to spend each year
between 600 and 800 thousand francs while
complainant
nicknamed by the room and they increase
companies if they raise prices
while the franc
so nice young man are you
dressed
but still for the pleasure of
ladies here is another
it's following the costumes stage and
tie
and then as we really like them
many these men of the year was going
once again good
you have escaped from all this kind of
show with me what's called at
theater a change in sight all this
to prove to you that this mode of
next winter is finally pretty
portable finally - after all it's up to
you to judge
it is a model that represents precisely
the new fifties style ie the
50s and it was created by the team
of cloakroom stylists